Id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY,
dateEvent TEXT,
idAwayTeam TEXT,
idEvent TEXT,
idHomeTeam TEXT,
idLeague TEXT,
idSoccerXML TEXT,
intAwayScore TEXT,
intAwayShots TEXT,
intHomeScore TEXT,
intHomeShots TEXT,
intRound TEXT,
intSpectators TEXT,
strAwayFormation TEXT,
strAwayGoalDetails TEXT,
strAwayLineupDefense TEXT,
strAwayLineupForward TEXT,
strAwayLineupGoalkeeper TEXT,
strAwayLineupMidfield TEXT,
strAwayLineupSubstitutes TEXT,
strAwayRedCards TEXT,
strAwayTeam TEXT,
strAwayYellowCards TEXT,
strBanner TEXT,
strDate TEXT,
strDescriptionEN TEXT,
strEvent TEXT,
strFanart TEXT,
strHomeFormation TEXT,
strHomeGoalDetails TEXT,
strHomeLineupDefense TEXT,
strHomeLineupForward TEXT,
strHomeLineupGoalkeeper TEXT,
strHomeLineupMidfield TEXT,
strHomeLineupSubstitutes TEXT,
strHomeRedCards TEXT,
strHomeTeam TEXT,
strHomeYellowCards TEXT,
strLeague TEXT,
strMap TEXT,
strPoster TEXT,
strRaceCircuit TEXT,
strRaceCountry TEXT,
strRaceLocality TEXT,
strSeason TEXT,
strSport TEXT,
strTVStation TEXT,
strThumb TEXT,
strTime TEXT,
strFolderorFileSC TEXT
